📝 docs: Added instructions for enabling Wave on Enterprise deployments and added config file for fusion pipelines (#12)
seqeralabs/fusion-benchmarking-scripts: 01_setup_environment/Wave.md

# What is Wave?

> This page describes Wave's functionality in relation to augmenting images with Fusion binaries. For a comprehensive list of Wave's capabilities, please refer to the [Wave documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/wave).

Reviewer: While a fantastic description of Wave's functionality, let's trim this down a bit since this is a step-by-step tutorial:

---

Wave is used in this tutorial to add the Fusion binary into your containers.  For full details, see the [Wave documentation](https://docs.seqera.io/wave).

Wave provisions containers on-demand during pipeline execution, and can also **augment existing images** by adding layers (e.g. Fusion, scripts, or tools) without rebuilding them.

Wave is a service that helps provision containers on-demand during pipeline execution. This allows the delivery of container images that are defined precisely depending on the requirements of each pipeline task in terms of dependencies and platform architecture. This process is completely transparent and fully automated, removing all the plumbing and friction commonly needed to create, upload, and maintain multiple container images required for pipeline execution.

## Augment existing containers
Wave offers a flexible approach to container image management. It allows you to dynamically add custom layers to existing docker images, creating new images tailored to your specific needs. Any existing container can be extended without rebuilding it. You can add user-provided content such as custom scripts and logging agents, providing greater flexibility in the container’s configuration.

# Accessing Wave with Seqera Platform

## Seqera Platform Cloud ([cloud.seqera.io](cloud.seqera.io))

> If you are using Seqera Platform Cloud (cloud.seqera.io), Wave is available to you by default, you can simply activate it by toggling it on during compute environment creation or via Nextflow configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Seqera Platform Cloud (cloud.seqera.io), Wave is available to you by default, you can simply activate it by toggling it on during compute environment creation or via Nextflow configuration using `wave.enabled = true`.
```

## Seqera Platform Enterprise

> If you are using Seqera Platform Enterprise and are not using self-hosted Wave, verify that `TOWER_ENABLE_WAVE` is set to `true` and your `WAVE_SERVER_URL` is configured to `wave.seqera.io` in your Platform configuration. 

Reviewer: Split up by self-hosted versus Seqera-hosted for readability:

---
```markdown
### Seqera Platform Enterprise

Verify the following depending on your Seqera Enterprise deployment:

1. **If using self-hosted Wave**
   - Set `TOWER_ENABLE_WAVE=true`  
   - Set `WAVE_SERVER_URL` to your self-hosted Wave endpoint  
   - Configure registry credentials in Platform  
   - *(Optional)* You can also self-host the Fusion binary in S3 and point to it in your config:  
     ```groovy
     fusion.containerConfigUrl = 'https://<YOUR-BUCKET>.s3.<YOUR-REGION>.amazonaws.com/fusion/v2.5-amd64.json'
     ```  
See the [Fusion binary vendoring guide](https://github.com/seqeralabs/cx-field-tools-installer/blob/master/documentation/setup/optional_fusion_binary_vendoring.md) for details.

2. **If *not* using self-hosted Wave**
   - Set `TOWER_ENABLE_WAVE=true`  
   - Set `WAVE_SERVER_URL=wave.seqera.io`  
   - Follow the [Wave configuration guide](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/enterprise/configuration/wave#pair-your-seqera-instance-with-wave)

```

If `TOWER_ENABLE_WAVE` is set to `false` in your deployment, follow the [Wave configuration guide](https://docs.seqera.io/platform-enterprise/enterprise/configuration/wave#pair-your-seqera-instance-with-wave) to enable Wave with your Seqera Platform installation.

**Note:** You must configure registry credentials in Platform to use Wave for image augmentation, as detailed in the Wave documentation linked above.

> Once you have Wave enabled on your platform end, you can either activate it during CE creation or via Nextflow configuration. We provide both option in this walkthrough. In [02_setup_compute](../02_setup_compute/compute-envs/aws_fusion_nvme.yml) we provide a flag (`wave: True`) for turning on Wave when creating the CE. And when adding the pipeline to the launchpad, we also provide [Nextflow configuration](../03_setup_pipelines/pipelines/fusion.config) to enable Wave that way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once Wave is enabled, you can activate it either during compute environment (CE) creation or through Nextflow configuration. In [02_setup_compute](../02_setup_compute/compute-envs/aws_fusion_nvme.yml), set the `wave: True` flag when creating the CE. Alternatively, when adding the pipeline to Launchpad, use the provided [Nextflow configuration](../03_setup_pipelines/pipelines/fusion.config) file to enable Wave.
```
